Add:Example benchmarking + Serving script for torchvision classification models (#143)
neuralmagic/deepsparse: examples/classification/README.md

# Image Classification Example

> This directory holds an examples scripts and notebooks for benchmarking and serving [torchvision](https://pytorch.org/vision/stable/index.html) classification models using [DeepSparse](https://docs.neuralmagic.com/deepsparse//index.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory holds an examples scripts and notebooks for benchmarking and serving image classification models using the [DeepSparse](https://docs.neuralmagic.com/deepsparse//index.html) inference engine.
```

Author: 👌

These examples can load pre-trained, sparsified models from [SparseZoo](https://github.com/neuralmagic/sparsezoo) 

> or you can specify your own [ONNX](https://onnx.ai/) file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or you can specify your own [ONNX](https://github.com/onnx/onnx) file.
```

Author: 👌

# Image Classification Example

> This directory holds example scripts and notebooks for benchmarking and serving image classification models using the [DeepSparse](https://docs.neuralmagic.com/deepsparse//index.html) inference engine.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This directory holds example scripts and notebooks for benchmarking and serving image classification models using the [DeepSparse](https://docs.neuralmagic.com/deepsparse/index.html) inference engine.
```

Author: 🆗

```

Run with the `-h` flag to see all available models.

## Benchmarking Example

> `benchmark.py` is a script for benchmarking sparsified [torchvision](https://pytorch.org/vision/stable/index.html) classification model performance with DeepSparse. For a full list of options run `python benchmark.py -h`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`benchmark.py` is a script for benchmarking sparsified image classification model performance with DeepSparse. For a full list of options run `python benchmark.py -h`.
```

Author: 👌

To run a benchmark using the DeepSparse Engine with a moderately pruned resnet model that uses all available CPU cores and batch size 1, run:

```bash
python benchmark.py "zoo:cv/classification/resnet_v1-50/pytorch/sparseml/imagenet/pruned-moderate"
```

Example using own model and data:

```bash
python benchmark.py path_to_onnx_file \
--data-path path_to_data_directory
```

> Replace `path_to_onnx_file` with [SparseZoo](http://sparsezoo.neuralmagic.com/) stub or filepath to [ONNX](https://onnx.ai/) model file and replace `path_to_data_directory` with appropriate SparseZoo stub or path to a directory containing `.npz` files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace `path_to_onnx_file` with [SparseZoo](http://sparsezoo.neuralmagic.com/) stub or filepath to ONNX model file and replace `path_to_data_directory` with appropriate SparseZoo stub or path to a directory containing `.npz` files to be used as model inputs.
```

Author: 👌

> ## Example Transformers DeepSparse Flask Deployment
> To illustrate how the DeepSparse Engine can be used with torchvision classification models.
> The server uses Flask to create an app with the DeepSparse Engine hosting a compiled torchvision classification model. The client can make requests into the server returning inference results for given inputs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example Image Classification DeepSparse Flask Deployment
To illustrate how the DeepSparse Engine can be used with image classification models.
The server uses Flask to create an app with the DeepSparse Engine hosting a compiled image classification model. The client can make requests into the server returning inference results for given inputs.
```

Author: 👌

> Server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Server
```

Author: 👌

First, start up the host server.py with your model of choice, SparseZoo stubs are also supported.

Example command:
```bash
python server.py "zoo:cv/classification/resnet_v1-50/pytorch/sparseml/imagenet/pruned-moderate"
```

You can leave that running as a detached process or in a spare terminal.

This starts a Flask app with the DeepSparse Engine as the inference backend, accessible at http://0.0.0.0:5543 by default.

The app exposes HTTP endpoints at:

- `/info` to get information about the compiled model
- `/predict` to send inputs to the model and receive a response. The number of inputs should match the compiled model's batch size.
For a full list of options, run `python server.py -h`.
  
### Client

`client.py` provides a `Client` object to make requests to the 
server easy.
The file is self-documented.  See example usage below:

```python
from client import Client
from helpers import load_data, _BatchLoader

> myclient = Client()

Reviewer: nit: `myclient` -> `client`

Author: Resolved 👍

resnet_stub = "zoo:cv/classification/resnet_v1-50/pytorch/sparseml/imagenet/pruned-moderate"
batch_loader = _BatchLoader(data=load_data(resnet_stub), batch_size=1, iterations=1)

for batch in batch_loader:

>     out = myclient.detect(images=batch,)

Reviewer: nit: `detect` -> `classify`

Author: done!

Available via API and hosted in the cloud, the [SparseZoo](http://sparsezoo.neuralmagic.com/) contains both 
baseline and models sparsified to different degrees of inference performance vs. baseline loss recovery. Recipe-driven approaches built around sparsification algorithms allow you to take the models as given, transfer-learn from the models onto private datasets, or transfer the recipes to your architectures.

Each model in the SparseZoo has a specific stub that identifies it. The stubs are made up of the following structure:

`DOMAIN/SUB_DOMAIN/ARCHITECTURE{-SUB_ARCHITECTURE}/FRAMEWORK/REPO/DATASET{-TRAINING_SCHEME}/SPARSE_NAME-SPARSE_CATEGORY-{SPARSE_TARGET}`

Learn more at 
- [SparseZoo Docs](https://docs.neuralmagic.com/sparsezoo/)
- [SparseZoo Website](https://sparsezoo.neuralmagic.com/) 
- [SparseZoo GitHub Repository](https://github.com/neuralmagic/sparsezoo)

A few classification models from [SparseZoo](https://sparsezoo.neuralmagic.com/):

| Model Name     |      Stub      | Description |
|----------|-------------|-------------|

> | resnet-pruned-moderate | zoo:cv/classification/resnet_v1-50/pytorch/sparseml/imagenet/pruned-moderate |This model is a sparse, [ResNet-50](https://arxiv.org/abs/1512.03385) model that achieves 99% of the accuracy of the original baseline model (76.1% top1). Pruned layers achieve 88% sparsity.|

Reviewer: let's also add the pruned_quantized resnet model and a pruned and pruned_quantized mobilenet

Author: sure!

A few classification models from [SparseZoo](https://sparsezoo.neuralmagic.com/):

| Model Name     |      Stub      | Description |
|----------|-------------|-------------|
| resnet-pruned-moderate | zoo:cv/classification/resnet_v1-50/pytorch/sparseml/imagenet/pruned-moderate |This model is a sparse, [ResNet-50](https://arxiv.org/abs/1512.03385) model that achieves 99% of the accuracy of the original baseline model (76.1% top1). Pruned layers achieve 88% sparsity.|
|resnet-pruned-conservative|zoo:cv/classification/resnet_v1-50/pytorch/sparseml/imagenet/pruned-conservative|This model is a sparse, [ResNet-50](https://arxiv.org/abs/1512.03385) model that achieves full recovery original baseline model accuracy (76.1% top1). Pruned layers achieve 80% sparsity.|
|resnet-pruned-quantized-moderate|zoo:cv/classification/resnet_v1-50/pytorch/sparseml/imagenet/pruned_quant-moderate|This model is a sparse, INT8 quantized ResNet-50 model that achieves 99% of the original baseline accuracy. The average model sparsity is about 72% with pruned layers achieving between 70-80% sparsity. This pruned quantized model achieves 75.46% top1 accuracy on the ImageNet dataset.|

> |mobilenetv1-pruned-quantized|zoo:cv/classification/mobilenet_v1-1.0/pytorch/sparseml/imagenet/pruned_quant-moderate|Pruned [MobileNet](https://arxiv.org/abs/1704.04861) architecture with width=1.0 trained on the ImageNet dataset. Recalibrated performance model: within 99% of baseline validation top1 accuracy (70.9%)|

Reviewer 3: let's expand out a bit more to include mobilenet and resnet baseline models so users can quickly compare dense to pruned and pruned quantized. Additionally, let's include the pruned models for mobilenet

```

Run with the `-h` flag to see all available models.

## Benchmarking Example
`benchmark.py` is a script for benchmarking sparsified image classification model performance with DeepSparse. For a full list of options run `python benchmark.py -h`.

> To run a benchmark using the DeepSparse Engine with a moderately pruned resnet model that uses all available CPU cores and batch size 1, run:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To run a benchmark using the DeepSparse Engine with a moderately pruned ResNet model that uses all available CPU cores and batch size 1, run:
```

Author: 👌

```bash
python benchmark.py "zoo:cv/classification/resnet_v1-50/pytorch/sparseml/imagenet/pruned-moderate"
```

Example using own model and data:

```bash
python benchmark.py path_to_onnx_file \
--data-path path_to_data_directory
```

Replace `path_to_onnx_file` with [SparseZoo](http://sparsezoo.neuralmagic.com/) stub or filepath to ONNX model file and replace `path_to_data_directory` with appropriate SparseZoo stub or path to a directory containing `.npz` files to be used as model inputs.
## Example Image Classification DeepSparse Flask Deployment

> To illustrate how the DeepSparse Engine can be used with image classification models.

Reviewer 2: This is not a complete sentence.

Author: Changed!

The server uses Flask to create an app with the DeepSparse Engine hosting a compiled image classification model. The client can make requests into the server returning inference results for given inputs.

### Server
First, start up the host server.py with your model of choice, SparseZoo stubs are also supported.

Example command:
```bash
python server.py "zoo:cv/classification/resnet_v1-50/pytorch/sparseml/imagenet/pruned-moderate"
```

You can leave that running as a detached process or in a spare terminal.

This starts a Flask app with the DeepSparse Engine as the inference backend, accessible at http://0.0.0.0:5543 by default.

> The app exposes HTTP endpoints at:

Reviewer 2: ^ this line and the next line don't make sense; do you mean that the HTTP endpoints now allow you to run these two commands?

Author: This means once the server is running, our app creates two urls 

```
http://0.0.0.0:5543/info : to get information about which models are being hosted
http://0.0.0.0:5543/predict : to post inputs and get inference results
``` 

Here http://0.0.0.0:5543 is the default url, user can also specify their own url while running server.py

Reviewer 2: ^ I think your explanation here is great and what I would clarify for completeness.

Once the server is running, our app creates two URLs, exposing the following HTTP endpoints:
<list two out>
Feel free to specify your own URL while running `server.py`.

Author: 👌  done!

- `/info` to get information about the compiled model
- `/predict` to send inputs to the model and receive a response. The number of inputs should match the compiled model's batch size.
For a full list of options, run `python server.py -h`.
  
### Client

`client_examples.py` provides a `Client` object to make requests to the 
server easy.
The file is self-documented.  See example usage below:

```python
from client_example import Client
from helpers import load_data, _BatchLoader

client = Client()
resnet_stub = "zoo:cv/classification/resnet_v1-50/pytorch/sparseml/imagenet/pruned-moderate"
batch_loader = _BatchLoader(data=load_data(resnet_stub), batch_size=1, iterations=1)

for batch in batch_loader:
    out = client.classify(images=batch, )
    print(f"outputs:{out}")
```

### SparseZoo Stubs

> [SparseZoo](http://sparsezoo.neuralmagic.com/) is a constantly-growing repository of sparsified (pruned and 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[SparseZoo](http://sparsezoo.neuralmagic.com/) is a constantly growing repository of sparsified (pruned and 
```

> pruned-quantized) models with matching sparsification recipes for neural networks. It simplifies and accelerates your time-to-value in building performant deep learning models with a collection of inference-optimized models and recipes to prototype from.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
pruned-quantized) models with matching sparsification recipes for neural networks. It simplifies and accelerates your time to value in building performant deep learning models with a collection of inference-optimized models and recipes to prototype from.
```
